Twitter meh

I’ve been using Twitter for a few days, trying to use the Lists feature to curate topic-specific feeds. It’s tricky because people aren’t topic-specific, least of all when retweeting. I’m also not sure that I like the way it makes me think. It gives me Squirrel Brain, I’m just shallowly surfing between topics.

Marginal luxury in premium economy

I also read an article about  Airlines’ premium economy trick. Some more interesting thoughts on Millenials  and our willingness to say !screw it as long as there’s enough time between purchasing the ticket and the upgrade that the Marginal Luxury feels worth it.

Reasons people  come to NYC

I read a Substack post titled Is New York Overrated?  about New York City that made me realize I might unknowingly have more healthy ties to New York, and less Hype and Virality  and attachment, than the stereotypical transplant. Some people ridicule other cities and countries, or sacrifice their well-being and their sense of being rooted in a family or a community, in an exhausting pursuit of fame and wealth. I guess I’m quite lucky to have a clear notion of where I’m from and who my people are, to not really be here to make more money or become famous but to feed my love and curiosity, and to have more resources and flexibility than most people when it comes to Travel and Moving around, in and out of the city.

Phases of inequality within/between nations

Adam Tooze made some interesting points about global Inequality  outlining three major phases in the History of the last 200 years. It interestingly mentioned the difference between inequality within nations and inequality between nations, barely a day after I wrote about The within-between spectrum. Crazy to think that in 30 years there will be more working-age people in Africa than in the rest of the world excluding Asia . Also interesting to think of the relationship between inequality and Power Dynamics: it’s almost like a difference in potential, except without a singular attracting force at the bottom - I’m not sure people or nations tend to a state of minimum wealth.

Politics is the amphetamines of the people

Lastly, an interesting read in The Atlantic about Social Justice occupying the role of Religion as a source of community and belonging amongst predominantly non-religious Millenials. Highlight: it’s easier to come out as LGBTQ+  in many christian spaces than it is to come out as christian in many gay spaces.

On a related note, all my reading and pondering lately of ideas that are critical of social justice is consolidating around a few ideas. One of them is that, even if I might agree with some  conservatives that Woke Culture isn’t a great solution sometimes, I agree even more with the “woke” left that the issues they are addressing are critical. I only agree with the right that the solution isn’t great - I agree with the left that the problems are critical. This makes me wonder, in turn, how often I dismiss right-wing ideas because they have been put into practice in a flawed way, and not because they are wrong in principle. You can’t reject an idea just because it’s been poorly executed. You can't dismiss a problem just because of a bad solution. 

Comedy

Also watched a comedy special with Ronny Chieng that inspired me to write a bit about ABCB  and Misfakes.
